KOGITO-6543 Enhancements in Serverless Workflow documentation (#4092)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/serverless/chap-kogito-orchestrating-serverless.adoc

// Purpose statement for the assembly
[role="_abstract"]

> As a microservices developer or architect, you can use the {SERVERLESS_WORKFLOW_REPO_URL_BASE}[Serverless Workflow specification] to orchestrate application services in your {PRODUCT} project. The Serverless Workflow specification enables you to define declarative workflow models that orchestrate event-driven, serverless applications. The specification is hosted by the https://www.cncf.io/[Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)] and is currently a CNCF https://www.cncf.io/sandbox-projects/[Sandbox project] that is progressing to become an https://www.cncf.io/projects/[Incubating project].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a microservices developer or architect, you can use the {SERVERLESS_WORKFLOW_REPO_URL_VERSION}[Serverless Workflow specification] to orchestrate application services in your {PRODUCT} project. The Serverless Workflow specification enables you to define declarative workflow models that orchestrate event-driven, serverless applications. The specification is hosted by the https://www.cncf.io/[Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)] and is currently a CNCF https://www.cncf.io/sandbox-projects/[Sandbox project] that is progressing to become an https://www.cncf.io/projects/[Incubating project].
```

It will be better to link the user directly to the version we support.

The target users of Serverless Workflow orchestration are mostly developers and architects who want to define logical steps of execution declaratively (no code) for cloud-native services. Although you can orchestrate your services using process diagrams in https://www.omg.org/spec/BPMN/2.0/About-BPMN[Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN)], the Serverless Workflow has less focus on business definition and more focus on function-level steps of execution. Serverless Workflow is also designed specifically for microservice orchestration and therefore has a smaller scope than BPMN. Serverless Workflow also enables you to write workflows in formats (JSON or YAML) that might be better suited for developing and deploying serverless applications in cloud or container environments.

Ultimately, the choice of which specification to use for orchestrating event-driven microservices depends on your environment needs, development goals, and personal preference.

> For more information about Serverless Workflow, see the https://serverlessworkflow.github.io/[Serverless Workflow] website.

Reviewer: @hbelmiro @hmanwani-rh I think we can have one or two paragraphs describing the main elements of the specification here. The main elements are functions, events, and states. Additionally, [there's a "use cases"](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/tree/0.8.x/usecases) article in the spec that we could link here. wdyt?

Author: We already have this information later in https://github.com/hbelmiro/kie-docs/blame/KOGITO-6543-improve-sw-docs/doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/serverless/chap-kogito-orchestrating-serverless.adoc#L231. I don't see any problem putting it here too.

Regarding the use cases, sounds good to me.

--

Continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD)::
+
--
Serverless Workflow can help you build efficient continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) solutions. Code check-ins can trigger website builds and automatic redeploys. Pull requests can trigger automated tests that ensure the code is well-tested before human reviews.
For more information about Serverless Workflow, see the https://serverlessworkflow.github.io/[Serverless Workflow] website.

.Serverless Workflow orchestration for CI/CD
image::kogito/serverless/serverless-workflow-usecase-continuous-integration.png[Image of Serverless Workflow orchestration for CI/CD]
--
NOTE: {PRODUCT} {PRODUCT_VERSION} implements version {SERVERLESS_WORKFLOW_REPO_URL_VERSION}/specification.md[{SERVERLESS_WORKFLOW_VERSION}] of the Serverless Workflow specification.
You can find the current implementation status https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/tree/{PRODUCT_VERSION}.x/kogito-serverless-workflow#current-status[here].

[id="con-serverless-workflow-in-kogito_{context}"]
== Serverless Workflow orchestration in {PRODUCT}

[role="_abstract"]

> {PRODUCT} provides the runtime implementation that supports Serverless Workflow, including both JSON and YAML formats, in compliance with the https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification[Serverless Workflow specification].

Reviewer: I think we can keep this part.

Author: We already have this information here: https://github.com/hbelmiro/kie-docs/blame/KOGITO-6543-improve-sw-docs/doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/serverless/chap-kogito-orchestrating-serverless.adoc#L10

> Serverless Workflow also enables you to write workflows in formats (JSON or YAML) that might be better suited for developing and deploying serverless applications in cloud or container environments.

And here: https://github.com/hbelmiro/kie-docs/blame/KOGITO-6543-improve-sw-docs/doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/serverless/chap-kogito-orchestrating-serverless.adoc#L22

> You can use Serverless Workflow definition files in your {PRODUCT} project to define your domain-specific orchestration services. Your Serverless Workflow files can be in JSON or YAML format with the extension .sw.json or .sw.yaml.

Don't you think that it'll become too repetitive?

* https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-examples/tree/stable/serverless-workflow-service-calls-quarkus[`serverless-workflow-service-calls-quarkus`] and https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-examples/tree/stable/serverless-workflow-service-calls-springboot[`serverless-workflow-service-calls-springboot`]: A Serverless Workflow service for returning country information
* https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-examples/tree/stable/serverless-workflow-github-showcase[`serverless-workflow-github-showcase`]: In this example, a GitHub bot application is deployed, which reacts upon a new PR being opened in a given GitHub project. The bot is implemented using a service and event orchestration approach with {PRODUCT} implementation of the Serverless Workflow specification.

[id="proc-serverless-workflow-definitions_{context}"]
=== Creating and editing Serverless Workflow definitions in {PRODUCT}

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use {SERVERLESS_WORKFLOW_REPO_URL_BASE}/blob/master/specification.md[Serverless Workflow] definition files in your {PRODUCT} project to define your domain-specific orchestration services. Your Serverless Workflow definition files can be in JSON or YAML format with the extension `.sw.json` or `.sw.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use {SERVERLESS_WORKFLOW_REPO_URL_VERSION}/specification.md[Serverless Workflow] definition files in your {PRODUCT} project to define your domain-specific orchestration services. Your Serverless Workflow definition files can be in JSON or YAML format with the extension `.sw.json` or `.sw.yaml`.
```
